Update doc about standalone mode (#317)
streamnative/function-mesh-worker-service: README.md

```
Replace the `YOUR-NAR-PATH` variable with your real path.

### Run in standalone mode

#### Run in docker

Add the following configuration to the `functions_worker.yml` configuration file:

```$xslt

> functionsWorkerServiceNarPackage: /YOUR-NAR-PATH/mesh-worker-service-1.0-SNAPSHOT.nar

Author: all versions are available

> functionsWorkerServiceNarPackage: /YOUR-NAR-PATH/mesh-worker-service-1.0-SNAPSHOT.nar

Reviewer: So could we use something like `{{connector:version}}` to replace the specific version number?

> functionsWorkerServiceNarPackage: /YOUR-NAR-PATH/mesh-worker-service-1.0-SNAPSHOT.nar

Author: sure

```
Replace the `YOUR-NAR-PATH` variable with your real path.

And update the zookeeper and broker url in the `functions_worker.yml`

```
docker run -td --name worker -p 6750:6750 -v /YOUR-CONF/functions_worker.yml:/pulsar/conf/functions_worker.yml -v /YOUR-NAR-PATH/:/ANY-PATH apachepulsar/pulsar:2.9.2 bin/pulsar functions-worker
```

> While worker service is running in standalone mode, you should start a pulsar proxy, see [configure-proxies](https://pulsar.apache.org/docs/next/functions-worker-run-separately#configure-proxies-for-standalone-function-workers)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the Function Mesh Worker service in standalone mode, you should start a Pulsar proxy. For details, see [configure-proxies](https://pulsar.apache.org/docs/next/functions-worker-run-separately#configure-proxies-for-standalone-function-workers).
```

#### Run in k8s

> It's similar with running in docker, there is a demo [yaml](./examples/standalone.yaml), please update it with your configuration and apply it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For details, see a sample [YAML file](./examples/standalone.yaml). You can update the configuration based on your requirement and apply it.
```
